These guys look like hell
Is the God of War their opponent? What are you afraid of?
Isn't there still Lu Ming here?
He got it
This is not a place where he can be a fool
Yossi
Flower girl's work
You are getting the real Japan for Brother Long
It seems that the Dragon Kingdom has self-knowledge
He will always be the sick man of East Asia who cannot be helped.
Let a woman fight
Hand over the victory
The reason comes first
Dragon Kingdom cannot be humiliated
Please kill this Liao
Yang Longguo Shenwei
Cinnabar foreign enemy
Cinnabar foreign enemy Yang Longguo Shenwei
The adult subordinate requests to fight
Destroy their prestige
You are no match for them
God of War is mighty
Sengoku God of War is mighty and mighty
What are you doing?
In the words of your Dragon Kingdom, you will pity Xiangxiyu
Until this is over
Let you serve yourself well